Title: DePIN Rewards: How Incentives Shape the Network
Series: The DePIN Token Economics Report
Episode: 5
Source: Fluence
Type: Video transcript
URL: https://depined.xyz/report
Duration: 4:26
Published: unknown
Captured: 2026-02-22
Captured by: user-provided transcript

[Music] [Applause] [Music] Let's talk about rewards. So rewards are also a key piece of deepen ecosystem and there's a couple different ways to do rewards. So do you do an arbitrary number of rewards? That is a traditional way to do it. And so what usually happens is there's a fixed amount of rewards distributed every period whether it's every day, every hour, every week, every month. And those are divided between all of the participants. And usually that's subject to some type of decline where the early providers receive the most rewards and later providers receive fewer. That makes a makes a great deal of sense because the early providers are the ones that are helping bootstrap the network in the beginning. And so giving them more tokens gives them more stake in the network so to speak and more reward as the network scales and ultimately successful. That's I think the general method is how they're developed. But there's a very big range into how these rewards are actually distributed. And so for example, Glow gives the same number of rewards every single year um regardless of the network scale. you know, um, Helium drops rewards every every couple of every two years. GeoNet also declines every two years and projects usually have some level of decline. Filecoin has decline every couple years, but it's subject to benchmarks in terms of how fast storage is growing, which can release more. So, there's a number of very kind of nuanced ways in which the rewards can be um, distributed. grass of a very successful project in the space that's launched just last year uses points and then rewards are aird dropped based on the number of points that you develop you earn over time and the real question I think that is the main distinction here is are rewards distributed equally to all participants or are they weighted towards participants that have certain types of activity and so digital and cloud deepens are the are generally in the camp of rewarding all participants equally because they're generally participating the same level of hardware. If you're giving a CPU or a GPU, pretty easy and there's not much distinction between them, you know, obviously based on hardware characteristics. And so generally providers that offer the same hardware are rewarded the same. That that certainly makes sense. But with regard to physical deepins, that's more complex because those networks are generally about collecting data in different areas. And so they're generally try to reward participants who are adding value to the network in certain areas. And so networks like um Hivemapper which is bas which is a network that basically has dash cams and cars will incent participants in certain areas more where there's a particular demand for that data. and certain um uh projects as well will reward in some markets where they're trying to grow or they need data but not other markets where they're actually don't need um information don't need data or they're not at scale and so I think the big distinction here is how are you going to reward who are you going to reward and so what does that then imply for the participation you have for your for your users and what does it imply for the token generation and the token distribution ution among your participants. Some people use a lottery system where you you because they can't reward everybody because the value would be too small. So they run contests to keep people engaged. So there's a number of different models here to try to basically distribute the value of these tokens across a large number of participants in the most effective way that keeps people interested, engaging in providing that data. [Music] [Music]
