Title: DePIN Tokenomics: Key Takeaways & Future Outlook
Series: The DePIN Token Economics Report
Episode: 9
Source: Fluence
Type: Video transcript
URL: https://depined.xyz/report
Duration: 2:31
Published: unknown
Captured: 2026-02-22
Captured by: user-provided transcript

[Music] [Applause] [Music] So, thank you for watching all these videos and for paying attention to this token economics report. I want to close with a couple of thoughts. Most importantly, keep token economics as simple as possible. That's the most important part. If you cannot explain the token economics on one page, uh I think there is a problem. And if a project can't do that, I think another project is going to be able to do that and will attract more investor interest. Key points, you want alignment with token holders. That is the most important thing. If you're an investor, you want to make sure that you buying a token are aligned fully with the management team and with the project and with the scale and revenue of that project. The ways in which we see this happening are stake with regard to digital deep pins, buy and burn with physical deep pins. Those are the two ways that we think you really are aligned with the revenue generation and with the growth of those different types of networks. And then with regard to scale of fiat front end we think is vital and pricing in fiat is also important. So those two elements those links to fiat we think will reduce friction in terms of adoption and drive um real growth and real customer um customer use. In 2025, we think we're going to see a lot of revenue growth with in deepin. We're really excited to see that and I am very excited to continue looking at this space. Check out the deep pinned podcast to learn about all these projects in detail and certainly if you are in town for any of our deepin days, please come and see me, come see all these projects presenting in person. So, please check out DPIND.xyz and dpin day.xyz. XYZ to find out when our next conference is. Uh let's look forward to seeing you. Thanks for the participation, attention. See you soon. [Music] [Music]
